.\" Manpage for nuseradd.
.\" Contact mateus.schroeder@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "2 may 2019" "0.01" "Magic Matrix man page"
.SH NAME
Magic Matrix \- Mathematical program used to resolve calculate matrix product, and another matrix functions. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
magic-matrix \fI[MODE]\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
Magic Matrix is facilitator for finding results by number calculus.

.SH INTERNAL\-COMMANDS
.PP Avaiable after you enter the program.
.TP
\fBlist\fR 
.IP
\fI\-\-variable-type-1\fR \fI[\-\-variable-type-2]\fR
lists all variables of the specified type.
.IP
\fB-num\fR, \fB--numbers\fR
lists any number.
.IP
\fB-a\fR, \fB--any\fR
lists any number, matrix or function.
.br
\fIdefault\fR
.TP
\fBinsert\fR [\fIvariable1-type\fR] \fIvariable1-name[=variable1-value]\fR [, ...]
insert a variable of the given type or default type for current \fBmode\fR
.TP
\fBedit\fR \fIvariable\-name\fR
edit a variable value or name, given name.
.TP
\fBdelete\fR \fI variable\-name\fR
delete a variable, given name.
.TP
\fBset-mode\fR \fImode\fR 
change the current to the given \fImode\fR.
.TP
\fBhelp\fR
.br
list the commands avaiable.
.TP
\fIexpression\fR
varname
.br
varname = <evaluable expression>
.br
varname1 = varname2 = <evaluable expression>
.br
Note: \fIevaluable expression\fR can be a \fInumber\fR or a \fImatrix\fR of numbers.

.SH VARIABLE TYPES
.PP
This is not the same as \fIDATA TYPES\fR. Variables do have unique name.
.TP
.TP
\fBN\fR, \fBnaturals\fR
match any natural number.
.TP
\fBZ\fR, \fBintegers\fR
match any integer number.
.TP
\fBQ\fR, \fBrationals\fR
match any rational number.
.TP
\fBR\fR, \fBreal\fR
match any real number.
.TP
\fBM\fR, \fBmatrices\fR
match any matrix.
\fB\fR

.SH MODES
.TP
\fB-INT\fR, \fBInteger Number Theory\fR, \fBZahlen Number Theory\fR
The program will set to receive variables as Integers.
.TP
\fB-NNT\fR, \fBNatural Number Theory\fR
The program will set to receive variables as Natural.
.TP
\fB-NT\fR, \fBNumber Theory\fR 
The same as Integer Number Theory.
.TP
\fB-NC\fR, \fBNumerical Calculus\fR
The program will set to receive variables as Real.
.br
This is the \fIdefault\fR value for mode.
.TP
\fB-A\fR, \fBAlgebra\fR
The program will not make approximations and will try to give algebraic answers.


.SH DATA TYPES
.PP
The type that the user deal with, and the C data type declared in the program. This is not the same as \fIvariable type\fR.
.TP
\fBReal\fR
long double
.TP 
\fBNatural\fR
unsigned integer
.TP 
\fBInteger\fR
integer
.TP 
\fBBool\fR
integer

.SH BUGS
Are you kidding me?
.SH AUTHOR
Mateus Schroeder da Silva (mateus.schroeder@gmail.com)
.SH HISTORY
Created in 2019-05-01.
